EEE3088F Envirosensing HAT PCB design group project for EEE3088F
 
Design Team: 
Ethan Morris MRRETH003
Ethan Meknassi MKNETH002
Moutloatsi Setlogelo STLMOU001


Security: 
Do not publicise any potential security issues. Rather alert an administrator of any findings and the location of any vulnerabilities. 

Development: 
Contributing to the development of the project includes helping with fixings bugs as well as adding new features. Before working on a 
selected bug-fix, or feature, set up the GitLab Development Kit and fork this project. If your added features or bug-fix impacts the 
users or admins, update the documentation. Open a merge request to merge your newly added features and mark it as a Work in Progress 
to let other members know that you are not done. Don’t forget to add tests and changelog entry to be credited for your work. Alert a 
reviewer or administrator to review your work.

Documentation: 
Contributing to the documentation of the project allows for the user to get more familiar with the contribution process. There is a 
range of contributions that can be made to the documentation of the project, such as reforming the directory or rectifying any 
typographical errors. There may already be a list of issues within the documentation compiled by other users of the project. The first
place to look for any issues to fix would be that file. Pick an issue to work on. Alert an administrator in order to check that 
another user is not already working on that problem. 

How to Contribute:
Create a branch off the main which contains a clone of the main branch. Any changes made must be made in the new branch. When changes
are complete, create a new merge request. When creating the merge request, ensure the changes made have been explained in their 
entirety and as accurately as possible. Alert an administrator that your merge request is ready to be processed. The preferred IDE or
software in order make any contributions would be STM32Cube for any coding changes and KiCAD for any PCB-based changes.
